hello andante no these are headlines on
al Jazeera Afghanistan's presidential
election process has suffered yet more
turmoil with President Hamid Karzai's
only rival pulling out of the race
Abdullah Abdullah says he won't take
part in the runoff vote in protest
against the government and the Electoral
Commission al Jazeera's Jonah hull said
it puts next week's runoff vote at risk
there are rumors about that there are
fevered talks taking place behind the
scenes desperately trying on the part of
the international community foreign
diplomats here and others trying to
resolve this situation and avoid the
necessity for what will be a very
awkward and messy outcome following an
election with just one candidate an
election that could see Hamid Karzai
declare victory as the president but a
president deeply tainted by illegitimate
see not just because of fraud but
because many people in this country will
know that they didn't vote for him and
that he ran unopposed Palestinians are
accusing Washington of killing all hope
of reviving the peace process with the
Israelis it comes after US Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton made a u-turn on
Washington's policy saying settlement
expansion should not be a bar to
resuming negotiations Israel has
continued to build thousands of homes in
the occupied West Bank considered
illegal under international law as I'm
her team from the Palestinian Authority
says that this will make the peace
process very difficult the Palestinians
are trying to avoid repeating the same
mistakes because allowing Israel is to
continue settlement expansion while
peace process is being conducted will be
like an indirect encouragement and
legitimization of the Israeli illegal
settlement activities and it will be
like a cover-up for this we think that
that the situations are very serious a
rebel group in Nigeria has threatened to
renew attacks on the country's oil
refineries within months the movement
for the emancipation of the Niger Delta
or mend says it will ignore a ceasefire
with the government if foreign oil
companies don't leave their land the
group's leader says the government
hasn't kept to its side of a ceasefire
deal again you can watch al-jazeera
online head to our website al Jazeera
net Ford
english and click on the watch now icon
these are the headlines in al Jazeera
I'm Lauren Taylor bye for now